now behind yer was ready to go over my
man behind it all thanks here we go
there goes one two three there you go
there you go guys just one keep stepping
from go daddy I know he on your sherwood
park it afuera like a biker behind that
cole was at home anywhere a little bit
leading these movement here he'll never
hear from God then kill one two three
second row across shock control control
step off that Thursday 1237 bro once you
feel that first step get rid of it shot
up a little bit of game situation game
situation favors doing good fish I'll
get ready get ready to fire off the ball
thank you 30 all come out at third step
no reason y'all have to pick up man let
it go off the first up don't bounce out
the third once you do that about we
still got one two three just a gris-gris
things wrong yeah take a three step drop
all right here we go Oh been a little
bit hey that was much better so step was
right just right go count always close
how many we go thank you 12 greater
bedrock get a father and a day one yeah
you know how he three-step drop
Harrison walk 103 nothing's wrong okay
come on get some catches mass get some
catches on this side there you go that's
one two three let it go on the third one
let it go on the third one come on